add additional documentation around users and groups (#148)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/configuring-users.adoc

= Configuring Users

== Default User

> By default, a privileged user named `core` user exists on the Fedora CoreOS system, but it is not configured with a default password or SSH key. If you wish to use the `core` user, you must provide an Ignition config which includes a password and/or SSH key(s) for the `core` user. Alternately you may create additional, new users via Ignition configs.

Author: :+1:

== Creating a New User

> To create a new user (or users), use a Fedora CoreOS Config to create new usernames.  In the following example, the config creates two new usernames, but doesn't configure them to be especially useful.

Author: :+1:

[source,yaml]
----
variant: fcos
version: 1.1.0
passwd:
  users:
    - name: jlebon
    - name: miabbott
----

> Users will typically want to configure SSH keys or password, in order to be able to login with them.

Author: :+1:

== Using Password Authentication

Fedora CoreOS ships with no default passwords. You can use a Fedora CoreOS Config to set a password for a local user.  Building on the previous example, we can confgure the `password_hash` for one or more users:

[source,yaml]
----
variant: fcos
version: 1.1.0
passwd:
  users:
    - name: core
      ssh_authorized_keys:
        - ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAABAQDHn2eh...
    - name: jlebon
      ssh_authorized_keys:
        - ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAABgQDC5QFS...
        - sh-ed25519 AAAAC3NzaC1lZDI1NTE5AAAAIIveEaMRW...
    - name: miabbott
      password_hash: $y$j9T$aUmgEDoFIDPhGxEe2FUjc/$C5A...
      ssh_authorized_keys:
        - ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAACAQDTey7R...
----

To generate a secure password hash, use the `mkpasswd` command:

[source]
----
$ mkpasswd --method=yescrypt
Password: 
$y$j9T$A0Y3wwVOKP69S.1K/zYGN.$S596l11UGH3XjN...
----

The `yescrypt` hashing method is recommended for new passwords. For more details on hashing methods, see `man 5 crypt`.

> The configured password will be accepted for local authentication at the console. By default, Fedora CoreOS does not allow password authentication via SSH.

Author: :+1:

        - wheel
      ssh_authorized_keys:
        - ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAABgQDC5QFS...
        - sh-ed25519 AAAAC3NzaC1lZDI1NTE5AAAAIIveEaMRW...
    - name: miabbott
      groups:
        - docker
        - wheel
      password_hash: $y$j9T$aUmgEDoFIDPhGxEe2FUjc/$C5A...
      ssh_authorized_keys:
        - ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAACAQDTey7R...
----

If a group does not exist, users should create them as part of the Fedora CoreOS Config.

[source,yaml]
----
variant: fcos
version: 1.1.0
passwd:
  groups:
    - name: engineering
    - name: marketing
      gid: 9000
  users:
    - name: core
      ssh_authorized_keys:
        - ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAABAQDHn2eh...
    - name: jlebon
      groups:
        - engineering
        - wheel
      ssh_authorized_keys:
        - ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAABgQDC5QFS...
        - sh-ed25519 AAAAC3NzaC1lZDI1NTE5AAAAIIveEaMRW...
    - name: miabbott
      groups:
        - docker
        - marketing
        - wheel
      password_hash: $y$j9T$aUmgEDoFIDPhGxEe2FUjc/$C5A...
      ssh_authorized_keys:
        - ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAACAQDTey7R...
----

== Configuring Administrative Privileges

> The easiest way for users to be granted administrative privileges is to have them added to the `sudo` group as part of the Fedora CoreOS Config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way for users to be granted administrative privileges is to have them added to the `sudo` and `wheel` groups as part of the Fedora CoreOS Config.
```

Author: :+1:
